You can get them for as low as 50 during sales on aliexpressYesPlay store pe og available hai>  "what to do when i become alone." 


In the Bhagvad Gita, Lord Krishna teaches that the path to inner peace and contentment lies in self-realization and detachment from material desires. When one becomes alone, it is an opportunity to turn inward and connect with the divine within oneself.

Lord Krishna advises that one should focus on spiritual practices such as meditation, yoga, and chanting the holy names of God. These practices help to calm the mind and bring a sense of peace and tranquility.

Furthermore, Lord Krishna emphasizes the importance of detachment from material desires and attachments. He explains that all material possessions and relationships are temporary and fleeting, and true happiness can only be found within oneself.

Therefore, when one becomes alone, it is a chance to let go of worldly attachments and focus on the eternal and unchanging nature of the soul. By cultivating a strong connection with the divine within oneself, one can find lasting happiness and fulfillment, even in the midst of solitude.

In summary, Lord Krishna teaches that when one becomes alone, it is an opportunity to turn inward and focus on spiritual practices, cultivate detachment from material desires, and connect with the divine within oneself.Illiteracy level 100%Raat ke 3 baje thande paani se nahane ki awashyaktaWhere one rotation is 1 million cc.Finally an event to earn cc. Glad [my feedback](https://www.reddit.com/r/DragonballLegends/comments/vz477n/the_easiest_event_to_easily_earn_cc_is_not_to/) is already implementedFinally an event to earn cc. Glad [my feedback](https://www.reddit.com/r/DragonballLegends/comments/vz477n/the_easiest_event_to_easily_earn_cc_is_not_to/) is already implementedFinally an event to earn cc. Glad [my feedback](https://www.reddit.com/r/DragonballLegends/comments/vz477n/the_easiest_event_to_easily_earn_cc_is_not_to/) is already implementedWe usually had 1 LF every 6 months, now it's 1 LF every month. This was due a long time since they started monthly LF pattern after 3rd AnniYou don't have a support member from guild/friends6k energy on cell equip to get first red slot. More than 300 erasers to get first Z. More than 600 spent but still no Z+ or red slot 3.It's the same with BabyWhite Mr. POPOGit Gud /s6k energy to get red slot. 400 erasers till now to get Z. Don't know how many more to get Z+Your papersYou're only going to get 8, so you can do both#SUPERRRRR BROLYYYY!Legends roads events exchange shopChange the flair to memeDon't forget to mention this in the surveyGayAss Fusion formFound the rape victimn getting pounded every day on the internetUse newpipeThey will fix his zenkai with platinum equip. Right now they are testing everyone's patienceMui 2+* for 50 raid medals, & now this, yea part 2 is going to destroy every other metaRecycle center gives itThis feels like a huge bait for part 2. Something huge is comingBut they haven't said anything if you miss any stage? Hopefully they will all be accessible laterWhat happens if you miss one day? I didn't realise they aren't accessible.Judging by the pattern, that it's limited time reward in raids, I doubt anyone will collect them all from events, unless they just give it away. Extreme coop seems like the only optionNow to get a GPU that will play them allThis is from the tv series The NewsroomChange the flair to memeChange the flair to meme14* units that have over 45% offense & defense z ability*teenagers can't read. FTFYDono songs ka Naam bhi batao opUsing newpipe from fdroid, never had to see any ads or promotional postsJoin bakchodi.org, your posts won't be deleted even once, unlike IndiaSpeaksMaybe They did, they stopped giving out 30z power in rewards after BF ended. During BF , I got all star yellow movies goku from 5* to 10* just from those Power & lf z power bannerZenkai boostsThey usually give out 12-15k each month on average excluding pvp. So yes, it is possibleMeanwhile, there is 100% hiring rate at lower salaries because they are prepared for people leaving. Attrition rates are the higher than ever in WITCH companies.

They also stopped WFH only for me because they felt I'm not productive as I used to be.Career ki baat kar rahe ho, [to woh bhi niche hi jaa raha hai](https://redd.it/ua4fpy)Kehna kya chahte ho aap?Yeah, they had given one at the end of April last year. That too after 2 years of covid, around 7-8%.the balance was also credited in June. I had covid April last year, so they cut 2 days & that got credited July.

Love to work at corporates.rao.sisters on Instagram.

Iaaras2 on reddit.Top performer, yet no indication if I'll be given hikerao.sisters on Instagram.

Iaaras2 on reddit.site pe dala tha , comments check karke batata hoon.

&#x200B;

edit -  iaaras2 on reddit .

rao.sisters on Instagram.Check this post from [indiadiscussion ](https://www.reddit.com/r/indiadiscussion/comments/tmn4vw/bakchodiorg_announcing_the_official_new_place_for/)  about our new aatmanirbhar initiative & share it with other skeptics.FYI, if you want to 14 star the new trunks, you will having this new tag unit to clear fp scream & get cc will be easyUL Gogeta enters the chatYou got +1000 social credits for this memeCloset killerUsko chabana nahi padta, keval jeebh hi chahiyeR@ndiaThere isnt any downtime, maybe try a different browserCheck this post from [indiadiscussion ](https://www.reddit.com/r/indiadiscussion/comments/tmn4vw/bakchodiorg_announcing_the_official_new_place_for/)  & share it with other skeptics.Reee, how dare you do hindi imposition. MODSSSSSSCheck this post from [indiadiscussion ](https://www.reddit.com/r/indiadiscussion/comments/tmn4vw/bakchodiorg_announcing_the_official_new_place_for/)  &amp;amp; share it with other skeptics.Kitna purana repost haiIt's like Indian & Pakistani are same because they look similar.Apne Keval ashayen todi hai, unhonein apke haath pair nahi tode. Chalte raho, woh bhi chala lenge.ðŸ’˜Day se?Japanese hai woh2nd chance lelo frandIt's called Poseidon's KissShe replied : mere gharpe koi nahi hai Mahatma Gandhi was never formally conferred the title of Father of the Nation by the government.

This was stated by the Home Ministry in reply to an RTI query.

"Although Mahatma Gandhi is popularly known as Father of the Nation, no such title was ever formally conferred upon him by the government," Shyamala Mohan, Director and Central Public Information Officer (CPIO), said in a reply dated June 18 this year.*Not without claiming credit*Food porn ðŸ¥µðŸ¥µðŸ¥µFellow Monster Fan, a man of culture& then you end up buying a better pc in futureDukh. Dard. Kasht. Peedha.&what about other posts about Imran? Somehow they are more relevant to India?Government of India's official channel  on [Telegram ](https://t.me/MyGovCoronaNewsdesk)for communications and citizen engagement

MyGov homepage: mygov.in

MyGov COVID19 page : corona.mygov.in

MyGov Hindi Newsdesk: https://t.me/MyGovHindiThere are plans for it, but we need to gather much of our active userbase first.

Also, discussing our site may get you banned from reddit for bypassing ch0d1 banThat's true, especially if they have recently created. The sub will get reported for bypassing reddit ban & will also get banned.Broly animation after a year or so on the guaranteed lf banner.Check this post from [indiadiscussion ](https://www.reddit.com/r/indiadiscussion/comments/tmn4vw/bakchodiorg_announcing_the_official_new_place_for/)  &amp; share it with other skeptics.Check this post from [indiadiscussion ](https://www.reddit.com/r/indiadiscussion/comments/tmn4vw/bakchodiorg_announcing_the_official_new_place_for/)  & share it with other skeptics.Check this post from [indiadiscussion ](https://www.reddit.com/r/indiadiscussion/comments/tmn4vw/bakchodiorg_announcing_the_official_new_place_for/)  & share it with other skeptics.Check this post from [indiadiscussion ](https://www.reddit.com/r/indiadiscussion/comments/tmn4vw/bakchodiorg_announcing_the_official_new_place_for/)  & share it with other skeptics.Check this post from [indiadiscussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/indiadiscussion/comments/tmn4vw/bakchodiorg_announcing_the_official_new_place_for/)  & share it with others who want to discuss without any censorshipCheck this post from [indiadiscussion ](https://www.reddit.com/r/indiadiscussion/comments/tmn4vw/bakchodiorg_announcing_the_official_new_place_for/)  & share it with other skeptics.Check this post from [indiadiscussion](https://www.reddit.com/r/indiadiscussion/comments/tmn4vw/bakchodiorg_announcing_the_official_new_place_for/)& share it with other skeptics.I have taken breaks over time multiple times times since I first started playing during the 1st anni. Mostly because the banners were shit & there was nothing to do.

I do agree that they are ensuring players get addicted to the rewards, since they are so minuscule.

 But I find the society is the same, you work 9 hours a day 5 days, sometimes 6 days just to get that little extra income so you can reward yourself with a new expensive reward.

Whereas your efforts allows management to bathe in money & have no worries for future.

It's good that you got good rid of one addiction & I hope you keep yourself healthy. But remember that DBL is product of corporate greed, just like every other service/product. Just keep your expectations in check so that you don't give up on trying anything in life.DB super has a ðŸ”¥ ost. Especially the part 2 for ToPI saw detailed posts of your in that sub, so I you hoping you might know some users in other subs like  r/BharatasyaItihaas. 

The format of the original post will make it easier for posting the data. 

There are other subs like the r/TheGita or r/BhagavadGita, but I don't think if there are any common users/mods I know.

There was recently a user with name like d-nd who posted a lot of edited  content from Gita, but I don't know his correct nameà¤†à¤‚à¤¦à¥à¤°à¥‡à¤à¤µ à¤šà¥‰à¤µ à¤•à¥‡ à¤–à¤¾à¤¤à¥‡ à¤®à¥‡à¤‚ â‚¹2 deposit à¤¹à¥‹ à¤—à¤à¥¤

Rindia à¤•à¥‡ à¤®à¥‹à¤¡à¤¼ à¤•à¥‹ â‚¹1 à¤®à¤¿à¤²à¤¾ à¤•à¤®à¤¿à¤¶à¤¨ à¤•à¤¾à¥¤Can you please backup other subs like r/IndiaRWResources?You may change the flair to memeBhagwa Goku ðŸ™Some did move there, but you need to buy a spam number to sign up on that ac.We all dreaded this day. Discord was supposed to be the alternative, but it was also purged. Some people did move to another platform, but there was a strict criteriaWe have enough meta breaking God ki units till the next Anniversary.

We should get atleast get f2p units with the theme 'Earth's mightiest warriors'Don't get me wrong, he is still a better LF unit at Red stars, especially after ssj4 gogeta got his plat & UL SG. 

but with the release of UL KK Goku on God ki, they have released better units for all his tags, including Uub for fusion with endurance & better green card, All star YEL Goku from movies with team heal.Broly has blast armor & card draw speed with his green card.GB's green card is extremely difficult to use & it may end up being used against you. 

 It was coz at that Time people complained a lot about VB for being meta breaking, hence he wasnt given a broken kit. 

Considering he was the first GB unit in DBL, it was a shame the hypest unit didn't receive the hypest kit.Considering the summonable ultras are GOAT units, I wait for the day when they release UL Gogeta Blue & he will finally get the treatment he deserved.XV2 has the best adaption of MUI with auto dodge of atleast basic physical attacks.Ahh, the new regen metaAhh, the new regen metaThis is more like counter from  LF namek GokuA wild gogeta blue &fp broly have entered the battleKid : Mom, can we have GV?

Mom : No, we have GV at home

GV at home : Blu SSGSS Vegeta

Someone can make a meme on thisUstr doesn't even give cc anymore.You forgot the 'F'Exchange your yellow souls in recycle center for zenkai soulsWow, this post was just as fast as Goku in that formLol, Op deleted the postFollow gems of Bollywood on twitter and telegramOnly limited stock had that deal I guess. 

There is a deal for rk84 as well, which is wireless, at that same price in your screenshot .[Link](https://ban.ggood.vip/11jYZ) tvs gold Pro Bharat has kailh white box switches at around 3k.I believe this will be included in the extended version that is being released by Peacock.

I think they have released 5 seasons of 30-40 min extended episodesNot really, it's just 1 year, 1/100 of a centuryRed Ultra Goku from namek?Lightyear is a measure of distance light travels in a year.Best LMS- Unlimited combo, just mash âŒYou missed a great meme opportunity by not using eurobeat.Use boost for reddit, no promoted posts & it has a much better UIUltimate Gohan from buu saga should be the ultra. LF Super buu could be the featured unit. & emwe should get  a SP Supreme KaiYesIt's all relativeYou mean 20 minutes later4th January already passed /sI guess coz King Kai is  not really fighting in the series . Coz he doesn't have many attacks, making a character out of him would be almost impossible.I never would have enjoyed the moves by different characters by watching dbz multiple times, but despite having 415 units, I noticed the unique attacks & move sets through legends.

& some card arts are just ðŸ”¥Before we proceed to GoDs, we need different Kai like King Kai & Supreme Kai.We still don't have SP WhisNot on r/Chodià¤…à¤—à¤° à¤¶à¤¾à¤°à¥€à¤° à¤•à¤¾ à¤…à¤‚à¤¤à¤¿à¤® à¤¸à¤‚à¤¸à¥à¤•à¤¾à¤° à¤¨à¤¹à¥€à¤‚ à¤•à¤¿à¤¯à¤¾, à¤¤à¥‹ à¤†à¤¤à¥à¤®à¤¾ à¤…à¤¤à¥ƒà¤ªà¥à¤¤ à¤¹à¥€ à¤°à¤¹à¥‡à¤—à¥€à¥¤A fellow yakuza enjoyer, I see you are a man of culture as well.That's still better than being a bad player who refuses to cover change. Especially while the boss keeps attacking with combosMany of them are children, so that does make senseDefeated the boss before shield recovered with unboosted 2 star yellow sp BROLY with perfect rr, although it helped that I have USGAtleast there is no botoxIronically he's trash, just like his name.That sucks bro. I guess it is just RNG. I've heard comments that players spent 40k & still don't have him.There should be a raid soon since we need to gather Hoi poi to get all rewards.While it is RNG, I did find getting atleast 1 LF per rotation than any other banner.I got shit for saying not to summon on bait banner. There is a reason we call them bait banners.

You atleast get  1-2 LF in each rotation of ultra gogeta banner, as per my experience where I spent 10k cc each time. That's how I got multiple copies of each LF & GB has red starsGogeta all the way, good luck to all.

There is no way I'm missing this chanceComputer Instant Transmission? When did androids learn that move? /sGood luck to allThe ultra gogeta banner will return tomorrow, I'm sure most of us will be empty by that timeDual hand master-baitersYup my thoughts exactly. I was given shit for saying not to summon on bait banners. There is a reason we call them bait banners.A fellow one punch man fan, I see you are a man of cultureBoujack isn't good anymore?Don't forget April fool's banner, should be a huge bamboozleYes, my thoughts exactly, unless the z power is 2x or 3x, no point in summoning since these banners will return in Anni & BF banners with 1800 z powerIt'll be funny if units from bait banner are also on it, especially the relevant onesAsexual reproduction?Hope everyone starts giving this spy some respect, we need him to remain our Bandai spy.It'd even more funny if units from bait banner are on it, especially the relevant onesIt's too soon for another meta breaking tag unit.It would be real funny if the bait banner units are on it too, especially the relevant ones in the meta.MUI maybe redWell most of the time Jiren just glared & characters were defeated. So I'd say this is an entire battle & half of ToP.The real question is..... Why is this meme a video?Coz his legs are lightweight?I got shit for saying zenkai should be free. I got shit for saying zustr should be skipped since it never gave any cc, even if old zenkai units are locked behind it. Since it was only a matter of time till they become free. 

The shit people say always ages like shit. 

Anyway, now even new users can get old zenkais for freeThat's a Bandai spyPerfect vanishIf it follows the same pattern prior to BF banners, it should be around 40k ccThat's definitely a Bandai spyI got shit for saying not to summon on bait banners, there is a reason we call them bait banners.

Good luck to all to summon & acquire himI'd rather we have the chance to get the old one, 10 days wasn't enough to summon for it.https://mobile.twitter.com/ratansharda55/status/1495075781667856387[Source](https://twitter.com/RatanSharda55/status/1495075781667856387?s=20&amp;t=LEZ0SCL4Oy_i0a_C1W66xw)The bigger joke would be if it also has the LF units from the bait bannersNew year's bag was free LF. You are still spending cc to summon. 

this is just a bait, good if you haven't had  gogeta , bad if you have them all.You can earn somewhere around 50 energy or more every week from guild if you are in top 3A fellow overlord fan. I see that you are a fellow undead of culture.Don't forget the bait banners. I got shit from idiots for saying not to summon on bait banners.

There is a reason why this sub calls them bait banners.

Â¯\\\_(ãƒ„)\_/Â¯Lmao, I got shit from idiots for saying not to summon on bait banner.

       there is a reason we call it a bait banner.

Â¯\\\_(ãƒ„)\_/Â¯Share karne par Error aata hai. isiliye screenshot dala. 


[US$68.99]Geek Customized GK73X GK73XS Keyboard Kit Hot Swappable NKRO RGB Wired bluetooth Dual Mode PCB Mounting Plate Case Customized Kit Computer Peripherals from Computers & Office on banggood
Data sent exceeds limitCheck the version, it is wired.

You don't have to go for a group buy, you can buy it since it is a flash deal for a limited periodI wish I could have. Just spent more than 3k energy on zenkai f2p A21 to max out. & also around 1k on freiza plat equips.

So,They are giving out a lot of energy, & I make it a point to get energy before everything else, even before erasers.The levels should definitely be over 9000The bad editing actually makes it more funny.Isn't the AI level over 9000?
>Luck/RNG are interchangeable

That's how I know you got shafted.

Please go back to school & learn the difference between probability & arithmetic. Calling them interchangeable shows for a fact how stupid you truly are. Hats off to you 

â•­âˆ©â•®ï¼ˆï¸¶ï¸¿ï¸¶ï¼‰â•­âˆ©â•®

I bet you wanted to be the first person who got Z7 on every unit & you had to argue with everyone who didn't spend their cc on any mid zenkai.

 & I know for sure you would have been the first to attack anyone who said zenkai should be free. I bet you are still coping with it, aren't you?

1800 z power will be the new norm, its not a question of if, but when. I just hope you will still be playing the game so I can hear you cry as you try to cope then.Lol, gambling isn't about luck, it's all RNG, especially with DBL. It doesn't matter if you are f2p or p2p, managing your resources as per meta is how your team stays relevant. 

I can still hear you seethe for your Shaft.

Seriously, stop crying. I know you can't cope. Just delete the game and move on.You trolled yourself. No point saving face now. Cat's out of the bag. 


I just took your bait, & threw it back at you. Cc is meant to be spent, but because you are incapable of managing yours, don't expect others to fall down to your level of greed.


 Keep seething that you need to spend money to gamble.You can keep coping with your royal Shaft. Just don't expect anyone, especially a f2p, to be as stupid as you.
Lol, you didn't even notice the irony of your own stupidity 

> 9K CC for 1800 guaranteed LF Z Power is an insane amount of value. That's objective.

even you agree 1800 z power is better.   ( Í¡Â° ÍœÊ– Í¡Â°)

I got LF trunks to 9 stars despite spending almost half of what I spent on GV banner. But even GV is at 7 stars since I had actual z power from limit break banners which are still more valuable than any bait banners or 1800 z power banners or ultra banner. 

But you will never know the difference between f2p & p2p, because you prefer to spend money on something imaginary, whereas I spend it on something that I can actually use, for my benefit. 

That's why I said, you are last person to talk to me about managing cc. 

Now you continue to shoehorn someone else's opinion when it's irrelevant to your comment.Why don't you ever have anything original to say? Because you realized that nothing you said had any relevance to what I stated? Seriously, go through your comment tree & notice how pathetic you seem.

I guess your username checks out. CopeAlways keep mentioning it in future surveys. I'm surprised more people don't do it.Bad bait
>Stop making comparisons to the 1800 Banner.

No. 

>It happened once. There isn't a pattern there, it's only ever happened **once**. There's no room for it in this argument. It's irrelevant.

Lol nope. It'll happen & then you can Cope hard.


>The Step Up Banners should always be pulled on. There's no choice here, do both if you can.

>Gross. Even the condescending "Daddy's cc" comment. Which is ironic because you somehow think F2P would have any of those LFs at high stars which is unlikely. 

It is relevant in your case, & it hurts coz you didn't deny it. Â¯\\\_(ãƒ„)\_/Â¯


>My God, you're a fuckwit. You commented saying that this banner isn't value because of the 1800 Banner somehow... Literally nothing to do with each other. That was the entire basis of your comment. One Banners value doesn't take away from another. 



I never summoned on God Toppo banner, not even daily discount, but thanks to 1800z power banner I have 14 stars on that unit. 

But hey, If you take everything out of context, I fail to understand why are you even talking to me.

You have been consistently including straw man in your comments but you have resorted to Ad Hominem. Did I hurt your ego so much? 

>Want to talk about "management" and F2P but can't value Banners objectively on their own merits. Sit downz

Dont pretend to be a school teacher, when you can't even be objective during a discussion. Because if you were really f2p, you wouldn't resort to name calling like a child. Now you can go in the corner & cry.1800 z power & ultra banners are the only banners worth chasing. I'm surprised many people didn't bother to mention that in the survey. 

With how broken ultra gogeta is, it sucked that the banner was for a limited time.

 & with raid banners returning to new format, you'd only miss out 1k cc every month from coop &2x  pvp. 


>You brought on the flame by throwing insults later on

If others were as civil as you you were, I wouldn't have to degrade myself to uncivilty, but that's how toxic  some children are here, devoid of any sane logic. They wouldn't understand any other language other than their own. Don't know why are you taking this too personally & getting triggered.

Secondly I never said you shouldnt summon on this banner, but you seem to misunderstand that every time you open your mouth.

It is a well known fact that 1800 >600, so by that logic 1800 z power > 600 z power. I hope this is not too fast for you child, I hope you can keep up with the factual logic.

Secondly, I clearly stated if you already have all those units which are more than 6 months old, this isn't high value to get those units of high stars as compared to 1800 z power banners. Why? Because 1800 is 3 x 600, so it is 3 times better, I hope you are still keeping up with factual logic. 

On LF z power banner, too you will get 600 LF z power, but it isn't restricted to one unit, you can use it on any unit, including future units if you have the logic to manage your resources 

This is altogether different if you are a whale, since you can just buy cc from your daddy's cc & ignore any logic . This factual logic only applies to f2p, which seems to be going over your head, if you have any.If there was any logic to what you said then you would realize that LF z power already gives 600 LF Z power & 1200 SP Z power. Which is no different than this banner. 

 Except lf z power gives you the Choice to get higher stars on your main team units rather than random teams you'd never use.

It's all RNG if you think you will get more than one copy of LF. But sure, blame my logic & your lack of management for not getting the units you require for your team.

But as usual with childish fans, you never read my comment & went off on your rantNot after 1800z power banner,. It is good value if you don't have those units, but not really if you want high stars.

Unless ultra gogeta is returning soon, this is still better than the 1lf step up bannerDBL - Electric BoogalooIt was updated, tv9 morphed it


https://mobile.twitter.com/surnell/status/1493613443563552771On SoundCloud, the original music composer has uploaded the entire BGM. He has released BGM until s4, S5 isn't out yet.Unless we setup silicon chip plants in India, it will be assembled in India till then.

There is no issue with importing parts & assembling  the drone yourself , which is what the government wants to promote.I have tried that & it makes things worse for that app. Especially if it uses Internet.

I used it for a game & reddit for boost, & every few hours it kept throwing Internet errors on both apps on miui 10. I upgraded to miui 11 & it was the same.This unit was free to acquire from new year's bagsAngela hasn't aged a day..... Is she a vampire?His name literally means trashYou can always get lf z power from limit break missions & weekends give 100 lf z power every month.
Ssj3 Goku is already replaced by ssj4 gogeta on all teams. Not to mention , his zenkai is a grind, not free to acquire with energy. 

Pity system will give you a unit after 40k cc.

This unit was free to acquire, & this unit isn't on a lot on repeat banners.
.

This unit didn't evade you, you chose... not to acquire it..... for free    Â¯\\\_(ãƒ„)\_/Â¯This guy was free to acquire in new years bagActually 5% is 0.05I agree, but red is worthless to go for on slot 3 since it isn't really an upgrade over gold.

But getting red slot 1 & gold slot 3 will take grinding as usual, but it is not as crazy as ssj4 gogeta plat.There was the perimeter alarm, the red light was blinking when she entered. He just didn't focus on itThey did, & he would have reentered like he did. It all came down to the fact that they will not kill in cold blood, but only in self defenseIt seems most people don't use yellow Goku from recent all star banner despite having 25% damage against LoE which cannot be cancelled.Nothing to do with DragonBall fans, just teenagers who are illiterateThis might be unpopular opinion, but for me it's Fiona & her brother Sean when she was being hunted by the bloodthirsty hooligan O'Neil. 

That situation could have been a lot more worse if it was anyone else other than Michael, especially when they were fighting against 2 psychopathsThe new raid format is the best way to grind for zenkai souls. I remember getting 52k combat points during the LF ape vegeta raid & I still couldn't clear all stars for even one specific colour.

Problem is, if they increase the medal drops, people would stop playing raids after getting cc.

I haven't even bothered to play zustr after it stopped giving cc, & I have managed to get atleast free Z7 units fully boosted just through raids. 

Although f2p A21 is pita, I skipped her last year since I only had 2k energy. That is the worst part of old f2p units that require unit specific souls. I have already spent more than 2k energy this time but still have yet to max out stars. I haven't even started the grind for souls.It's nice to see so many users recommending ublock origin.

Alternatively you can also download the videos directly through IDM to avoid any ads altogether. No issues with buffering or replay.Just don't do anything instead of disconnecting, & let the boss beat the shit out of the unit. They will be forced to use ultimate before the match endsBANKAI Awakening for GB? Beta feature? Are you the Bandai spy op?You have broken the matrixUltra gogeta will receive first diamond equipmentIlliterate would be more accurateYou guys are playing coop? I don't even find a buddy for coop.You can collect awakening power for now, & put 100 z power from raids, SP medal, co-op, guild over time.You don't have to pray, if you mentioned that in your survey.

If all of us did in our survey.....Might be around 21st AFAIK, but I maybe wrong.#*SIKE!!*I'd be surprised if you haven't mentioned this in the survey if you really want 1800 Z power to be permanent.Cooler with charge gaugeYour metaphor definitely went over *his head*The conversion definitely went over *his head*Same here, I have 17 after completing today's daily missions.Nothing to do with being DragonBall fans, just teenagers in general who can't readThat's assuming you get to play coop with a buddyI have been having this issue since 2nd raid. I even raised N inquiry with the devs, but no reply from them.

Resync game data usually helps, but the issue does come backDon't forget, mods are deleting most of the posts highlighting this issue, which leads to more posts like this oneYou missed a chance to use Hit's time skip attackEven if they extend it, it still won't help me since I don't get any buddy to even complete the daily rewards unless I resync game data multiple times.

It's high time they introduce the best AI buddy Vegito Blue that was introduced during the first raidThis has happening since the 2nd raid, atleast they finally acknowledged itTell that to your overlords who paid you 2 cents for this commentWhen did protest became a crime? When did India stop being a democracy?Confusing sarcasm with rhetoric. Classic!Never said that, but your rhetorical regarding sedition should be applicable for every individual or entityI guess you were born after December 1,2021. You should have seen the protest of khalistanis in the guise of farmers for more than a yearThat's a botAt start screen, click on the Gear iconI have been having this issue since 2nd raid.

Resync game data usually helps, but the issue does come back.

Raised an inquiry with devs, but no reply.I am calm since I made the joke about teenagers. It's really fun to see teenagers get crazy. Else I'd be spewing shit like them teenagers.Is that what your mom has been teaching you since 9 years? I guess that explains your degeneracy.So you're 9?>You're argument


*Your

You're definitely an illiterate if you don't even know basic grammar. 

Please go back to school if you think you're still a teen after 18. 

This is what happens when kids don't even know basic laws. You definitely shouldn't be on the internet unsupervisedDoes it though? You are implying judgement based on the bias of being a dragon ball fan. I'm inferring on the basis that teenagers are illiterate and hence cannot read. What's more probable?Found the teenager Nothing to do with being a dragon ball fan, just another teenager who can't read4G sucks for me& my WiFi is fiber connection. No issues with WiFi.Wdym? From your refrigeratorI have been having this issue since 2nd raid.

Resync game data usually helps, but the issue does come back.

Raised an inquiry with devs, but no reply.I have been having this issue since 2nd raid.

Resync game data usually helps, but the issue does come back.

Raised an inquiry with devs, but no reply.More like they didn't want devs to be monitoring game 24x7 for weeks for 5 raidsI did spend 18k on cell & legends rising for LF buu since I didn't have any good purple regen.

But after that I did about 5 rotations on GV & 3 rotations on trunks.
I also did 3 rotations on gogeta banner.

Big ooF, if you didn't get one new unit in any of the banners.That's a botYou just entered the MatrixBy that time, you'll be a part of the Matrix, so yes saving for ultra instinct Roshi makes senseNo, it's pregnant videl buffing hybrid saiyans & girls.Pregnant VidelInb4 players who reduce ability boost in coop& raid to LF bossI guess it depends on how much you pay to play, those players might get a response from them.That's a botYes, 100 Mbps fiber, <100ms latency, same issues. Also sent an inquiry after 2nd raid, no response yet from devs.

Resync game data usually helps, but the issue does come back.People aren't playing coop since raid will end today
.

I have same issues regularly, I have to resync game data for it to work.Re sync game data usually works for me. But the issue may come back. Also sent an inquiry to devs but no responseNever, I use either "He sure gave us a good show" or "sorry to be rude, but you left yourself completely open" depending on how the match ends.They added bots if you disconnected the match. That said the best way to deal with them is to just sit there, let them build their aggro &amp;amp; see the boss beat the shit of their unit &amp;amp; force them to use RR. Works everytime.Don't forget education.Bots don't use zenkai units#*SIKE*It's surprising to hear  that my fiio M3 is still working after 4 years of daily use, but new products 3x the price won't last long.

I was planning on buying the btr5 for same reason as you, but now I'll have to think twice before importing any fiio product& try to buy it locally for warranty purposesThey added bots if you disconnected the match. That said the best way to deal with them is to just sit there, let them build their aggro &amp; see broly beat the shit of their unit &amp; force them to use RR. Works everytime.They *fire* machine gunsWhich anime is this from?# *FREE* stressReset network settings, restarting the phone, updating phone software, I tried them all, worked only for a while, until I had to keep repeating the same steps. Resync worked the most.I had this issue in the previous raid. Resync game data usually helped the issue for a while, but it  came back.Sound is off for me in game, so Â¯\\\_(ãƒ„)\_/Â¯They added bots if you disconnected the match. That said the best way to deal with them is to just sit there, let them build their aggro & see broly beat the shit of their unit & force them to use RR. Works everytime.I guess he is, he dodged my strike card by back stepping after he had used up his vanish...... UI brolyThe same issue started me after the second raid was live. Ha d to constantly restart & resync game data to get matches.

I believe they might have used dedicated servers for specific region. & restricted access to other regions due to SV breaking down the gameI don't even seem to be getting paired with any buddies.BANKAI !!There should be some update tomorrow since 2 stages to farm his z power & souls will be unlocked tomorrow.

I wasted my coop medals on previous 2 ultras instead of buying equipment slot when I needed it the most.Regen,I didnt have good purple before that banner. Funny enough I pulled DKP on that same bannerI summoned on LF cell to use for ToPWhich anime is cat with magic?You guys are getting matches? I constantly get the error no matches found unless I restart the app.Atleast you found a buddy today, I haven't found one buddy since reset in coopI mentioned that it should be the normal pattern for future banners in the surveyIf you pull him once on the GV banner, you can get 1800 z powerDidn't we celebrate 50 million active users a few months ago?

It's going to be less than that.Blue ape form ssj7That's what you get for legends pass, exclusive access to zenkai VB before everyone else /sIf you check the platinum equip release pattern for past few months , you will see an LF from that saga usually is the next featured LF unit.

I'd prefer  regen like LF Buuhan since the previous f2p pur Buuhan didn't event boost regen. & they don't release regen during special events like festivals or Anni.

The worst case scenario would be ultimate Gohan (â•¬à² ç›Šà² )Where does it say that trunks will drop more coins? 

It won't be funny if they do it like previous Raids where you need to have the latest LF to clear the shop other than cc. 

But if future would be boosted for raids, then transforming Goku black is enough to kill the bossMajin buu saga seems like a big hint for the one of the next LF banners if the follow the same pattern of releasing platinum equip.Like an *APE*?You missed an opportunity with him flashing the suitcase full of cash when Kiryu purchases any establishment.More like he didn't want devs to burn out & monitor raids 24x7x5. 
You can certainly go to sleep after getting tired, but they can't. 

& with the new format, you can actually pickup your rewards little by little everyday without tiring yourself. Especially for people who are working.

But the comments section is filled with teenagers who definitely can't do basic maths Not lucky, he just doesn't know how to countThey do that for a reason so double rr doesn't kill the boss. Or miss it in purposeNothing to do with being a dragon ball fan, just another teenager who can't readThat definitely seemed like cell was about to drop a huge oneMy 5k energy will just disappear if try to get all to Z+Not before pregnant videl birthing pan.... I'm not sure why I remember thisExcept this post, just Super Deleto this post. ( Í¡áµ” ÍœÊ– Í¡áµ” )This post won't even remain long enough to age like milk.A broken clock is right twice a dayThis post aged like milkI still don't have LF piccolo, so I know your pain. Funny story, I ended up accidentally getting 1k awakening power for him.Why even pay for a Hooker when *you* get shafted by legends banners & end up becoming one of your own will?I'm at the water cooler since I don't like to be in photosThe hm2 sensor is worse than the previous gen hmx sensor. If you read gsmarena reviews for mi note 10, mi10t Pro, MI 10, you can see the difference in zoom where illegible details to eye become visible in zoomSo there should be all saiyans with tails turning apes in thi banner.Nothing to do with being a dragon ball fan, just another teenagerYou won't get a zenkai unit on a bot.Same with Ui GokuDo you get charged by us customs for expensive items? Or does under valuing the item & bypassing their scanner work?Nothing to do with DragonBall fans, just teenagers in general&it probably broke the ui for me. Game keeps not responding unless restarted.Vanced either requires root or downloading a third party installer from their website. 

Newpipe is open source & free on fdroid store. Also you directly download all videos before viewing them, so you don't have to wait for video to bufferFdroidThat's why I use newpipe, doesn't require root & has no adsThe funny part is advanced is much more difficult if your buddy is shit at coop & since it doesn't have boosts, shield takes longer to go down if you don't land perfect RRThey did, *teenage* bulmaSo that means I am flying like DB characters if I play its pc games?The on-the-fly editing makes me believe you're onto something.Remember in the movie he went so fast that he went into another dimension.Maybe that AI was self aware?Now we know they can fix LF stats by giving platinum equipment instead of giving it a zenkai.Keyword for you should be 'to learn'.I love that ost. Still listen to it. Although not a lot.VB, GB, GOGETA have lf around 30secs.

Lf broly, lf zamasu both have lf over 25 secs. The shortest lf would be for LF namek Goku, but even that it 10 seconds long.

Dont know where did you learn to count?It's from Xenoverse 2 ost. Epic ost.LF/RR the boss before the other player to assert dominance. /s

Jokes aside, LF is useful if does atleast 3-4 million damage & shield is about to be restored , but they made some changes recently, especially to extreme coop. From LF ape vegeta,Perfect  dual RR was able to finish the boss. 

Now with LF gogeta, The LF does more damage on the Shield than any card, whereas he only does around 2-2.5 million damage despite having type neutral while the shield is down.Not if you use the LF on the bar. It easily takes 50-75% of the bar. You should try that atleast once instead of using LF on the boss every time.I think they disabled it, since the saiyan saga grn vegeta didn't have endurance during coop

People grind energy in one go from any events from their energy tank. Never do that unless you are having over 5000 skip tickets. 

I wait for energy bar to fill up to 7 or 9 & then do a little bit of events be it dailies or special events. That way I never tap into my energy tank. 

Adventures & special events do give out energy.use atleast 6 slots for adventures. The benefit is you will get other resources for free without having to spend energy. 


I will use medals from f2p rose black for  energy & erasers since previous f2p buu event showed you can get him to 14* with daily z power. It's just that you will be a little behind.

 I do the same with ultra shenron, will wait for his daily event to unlock next month & probably see if I can use his medals for something else. 

Other comments currently giving extremely horrible advice of using cc or selecting energy instead of cc, its just a bad idea especially if you are f2p. People who have completed everything grind friendship levels for 1cc. Don't make the mistake of selecting anything over cc.Zenkai XIV = BANKAIZenkai should have been free to acquire from energy . Got a lot of downvotes every time I said that.No, I meant acquiring it becomes easier. Since it is only released on valentinesAll those posts & comments that kept on hating legends devs claimed LL Z power banners will never come back aged like milk

Received many downvotes for saying because 1 LL per month is a pattern, this banner is especially relevant.I hope they add zenkai A21 soonAlibaba's crackdown is probably the cause.If they follow the new pattern of releasing platinum equip, we got cell saga equip before lf cell. So banner for BF is probably future themed.Why'd you think it is prediction 'police'? It could be a prediction  *gang*Went from 1.4 billion to 2.1 billion zeni. I'd only recommend using souls from zenkai units after they have reached z7. I only exchanged souls from LR zenkai units & kakarrot.

I grinded kakarrot dailies the most because I wanted the meat to exchange for zenkai souls. Got around 500 million from kakarrot souls.

I also wanted z equip for LR units since that was my main team at that time. I didn't see any recent post highlighting it since it was just updated yesterday.

Zeni is especially relevant after they have started releasing platinum equips on a regular basis.PassPassJust used guild medals to 7* him. I had used them to get him to 6*. It was easier earlier since there were multiple tags available, but now it's limited to SP & EXCell saga platinum equip dropped before LF cell. If this is a new pattern, BF banner will be future trunks saga based..... 

..... LF VEGITO KAIYOKEN X 20 INCOMING!!! /sThey dropped cell saga platinum equip before lf cell. If they follow the same pattern, we might get future banners for BFOp's username checks outPassNothing to do with being a DB fan or DBL fan, just another teenager overreactingMany players actually reduce the ability boost so they can LF the boss. They started doing that on extreme coop as well since it is now too easyI'm guessing even on every raid?Inb4 players who use this unit for every raid because he is on the icon on play storeYes, that's it.You can turn off automatic updates forever from developer options. I haven't updated my poco F1 since miui 11. No regrets.Too many teenagers on this sub who haven't entered the kitchen to cook foodThat's more pve content. Hopefully 7 hour zenkai adventures will also be introducedI was downvoted by so  many toxic people for suggesting  zenkai should be completely free ., zustr doesn't make zenkai free, guess we will now see those same toxic people bitch for this decisions since they spend tons of cc to zenkai said unit.The saiyan saga free to play  Goku is a real tank if you don't have boost units.

 I was using him till I pulled rev Gohan on daily, but I didn't have any issues using either of them if the buddy consistently kept on cover changing & disrupting the combo. 

Despite getting guessed twice, still managed to clear with f2p Goku & my buddy was using the same. 

But this has been the most easiest extreme coop so far,especially since they disabled this vegeta's enduranceBankaiOxygen os will soon be discontinued in favor of color os.What did you expect from a boomer?Considering their LF release pattern, I'm hoping to see LF 18 or 17 from android saga which should buff more POYea, just read that. Hopefully we got an update where old units also buff powerful opponents. Not many options for powerful opponents, unless you summoned on the particular LF banner.Hopefully janemba will buff regen or powerful opponents, & not sagas from the Movies. Considering the zenkai pattern these days, the new zenkai support  recently LF released & he should be buff LF Crell. But We don't need another support for revival Gohan.That's your choice how you want to use it. I never forced my opinion unlike you. Your opinion that zenkai is relevant only for pvp is entitled. It is exactly because of this narrow minded attitude, devs keep pushing players to buy - spend cc on each banner since the extreme pve content can only be cleared if you have the latest boost units. 

You really haven't been playing pvp past few seasons to notice out of 50 million active logins, less than maybe 50k play pvp. Now so some basic math as to how many users actually use zenkai for pvp, & then tell me why zenkai shouldnt be free?

Understand one simple fact, if players don't play the game because of low value micro transactions, who will spend money? & The game will be eventually be shutdown. 

If you still don't understand facts, no matter what I say will always be toxic for you. After all, truth does hurt.If they follow the same pattern we might see lf 18 soon which might have anti saiyan buffs. If we pair chichi zenkai  unit with  zenkai 18 & LF 18, girls could seriously become meta.The amount of toxic people in this sub is too high. I just want to farm zenkai souls & hoi poi at the same time.You missed an opportunity to use 21 stars, revamp from 14 stars , when the name would eventually change to zenkai ball legends.I wasn't talking to you. Yet you are entitled to your opinion, but if I express my opinion, I'm entitled in "your opinion" . That's ironic. 

It's this hypocrisy of toxic people that gives our community a bad name. "Be thankful" sounds entitled.

I never assumed that you spend money, I just said shills in general. but judging by how much you bend backwards to prove you aren't, just proves the fact that you are a shill.


>You're just seem very entitled


Please learn basic English Grammer from your school teacher. & please Don't dropout of school so that you can survive from your own stupidity & earn enough to feed yourself.I'll say what the other guy just told me, that sounds "entitled". Just like you are entitled to you opinion, I'm entitled to mine you caboose.So you would rather pay money? To fix their own power creep issues? 

Goes to show how much shills would go to defend their gambling addictionZenkai should always have been free.

 Why are you assuming I don't want zenkai?
It extra pve content. It takes time to soul boost them. But why should I have to pay for pve content?Stop saying zenkai. For dbl devs it means another source to earn money for fixing the power creep of old units.I use lf cell & I even accept non boosted units as long as you have sufficient power Bonus.

The funny part is I was trolled by 2 zenkai red cell users with garbage power bonus. They specifically didn't RR to kill boss. They simply tap blast till the end of the match. & when the health is less than 5 mil, exactly when I try to LF the boss, they will RR & easily deal 10 mil damage. 

Like do the RR already, so I don't have to lf the boss, & I wouldn't have to if you had done dual RR. since I have to defeat the boss another 200 times.GarbageLR piccolo will return first if they follow the same pattern, then you will see either of those getting a zenkai. & considering the announcement, hopefully, they will make zenkai free to acquire with energyPassSon Gohan, who will inadvertently buff hybrids since this is Gohan ball legends.Don't You mean SSJ âˆž ?

Who needs equipment hacks?No more duo units unless they support more than 3 tags.

&if it's going to be double banners with same 1 LF & 1Ex with garbage rates & old cesspool of SPs, I might as well save my cc for next Anni.

Gogeta & broly banner Shafted  me & I stopped playing the game & missed to zenkai LR piccolo.

So let them bring more hybrids, I could care less since I'll just skip the banner.YesWith the rates of one LF per month, as opposed to 1 LF every few months, we definitely need those banners to actually get any LF at 6*. 

On 3rd Anni they gave 1800 LL z power in a span of few weeks, of which 600 was through hoi poi.

&with pickup banners also becoming bait banners, it's safe to say a f2p should only summon on celebration banners like anniversary or new year.

Anyway, thanks for these informative posts.Zenkai 7 will be free to acquire with energy ?Also if they follow the same pattern for all star, it will have 80 garbage SP which will have no value. 

so this is a relatively good banner if you want high stars on your regen team, since it also features old regen SPs good & evil a21, dkp & other regen zenkai units.

&considering BF & NY banners, they maybe dual banners. So if you are low on cc, wait at least till the end of banner to summon to decide if you need regen.

Also don't forget to save atleast 3k cc for LL zpower banners. They haven't dropped for a while.Pulling lf cell for ToPThere was one where you got all SPs & guaranteed LF on last step. It only happened once so not sure if they are on same banner or different , but it did happen. completed the event 9 days in advance since I used 7 slots. It felt good to not do any adventures for a few days, but then I simply did a few coop to farm zenkai souls.Don't forget we will get banners with LL z power soon, so save up atleast 3k cc for them.We are still far away from LF ToP 17,since the assumption is MUI & FP Jiren will be either or BF or Xmas. 

I'd rather have future  17 & 18 so that they also boost PO, future & androids. There aren't many units with PO tag, so we need more villains.I'd rather have an android LF than another regen LFDon't keep your hopes on Flipkart smart upgrade, there have been many customers who got only â‚¹100 for their device. & because you signed up for the contract, they will screw your credit score since you don't legally own the device & it is just a lease.You are assuming everyone has LF kid buu or LF Broly or LF Cell,that too at 6* to make that decision. Kind of a bold assumptionI realize that & I'm happy with that, I just wish they'd have introduced equipment space in coop shop early on when they introduced extreme coop, so I'd have saved them & decided if I want red stars on my ultra unit or more equipments.You still have a green card that heals & counters. Also, it is a skill issueCopying my comment - So all those who played extreme coop like maniacs, including me, wasted their time getting z power. I'd have saved all those medals for equipment slots.This was relevant if an ultra unit was a boost unit in an event. Especially if you didn't pull the latest unit from the latest banner which has most boosted damage.So all those who played extreme coop like maniacs, including me, wasted their time getting z power. I'd have saved all those medals for equipment slots.Ironically, UI Goku players never cover change with me in any coop raid.It took me a long time to read that, & that was just the first page.&don't forget they gave out 1200 LL z power when this guy was released, so if you pulled this guy once, you can get him to 4*.Cell Jrs should be f2p units like saibamen, & afaik cell vomited 6-7 of themIf she were, I'd have her at 9* since I summoned on every banner since anniversary for atleast one rotation.I hope they bring back pur A21, need to 6* her for health boost in ToP&if they follow the new step up format it will be filled 80 garbage SPsMach 5 from Speed racerNo, XAFT is free & doesn't void your warranty.Only if you remove YouTube using XAFT. I prefer to download the video first & then view it to avoid ads. So newpipe gives the option directly to download with choice is resolutionLimit breaking an actually free unit to 14*.Use XAFT from github to remove bloatware. You can also try newpipe from fdroid.Been using this unit for extreme, he is a real tank. Can take a lot of hits & card draw speed helps a lot.Must resist all the bait banners.
>All this for just 3k Crystals? 

Zenkai should be free.BankaiYou can't get yel dkp to 7 stars for free. Not sure why people keep misusing that term.You still get z medals for a very cheap discount. & now they are especially important since they have revamped adventures. & you need all 7 slots for better benefitsLike Sagas from the movies ?Looks more like the Mach 5 in Speed Racer using the jump toolMy Regen team really needs a good purple, & it sucks that I don't have dkp or a21Mfw even this guy gets the zenkai instead of non meta teams : piccolo's reaction in the bgthere are a lot of toxic minority  who will berate & insult you for having a contrary opinion.

When a particular IP grows beyond its niche fanbase & appeals to general fanbase , you will see the community will mature from different perspectives.

Dbl devs released a lot of updates before 3rd anniversary that benefited whales the most. But after 3rd anniversary, a lot of changes have improved the state of the game.

But that doesn't mean they still aren't greedy. They brought back the old step up banner, but reduced the number of new units in them. One step forward, one step back.It isn't free if I'm spending time to clear each stage, & my time is more precious than cc.I never said scouter ex vegeta. Purple SP vegeta that was a boost unit isn't free. Else everyone & their mother can zenkai it for free. 

But sadly ZUSTR isn't free since I have to spend time to clear it which is more precious to me than cc.&gives zero ccLmao no. Kakarrot Goku is a free zenkai because he is a free unit. They have started giving Z2 free from missions.

ZUSTR is not worth my time & energy especially after they removed cc.

&imagine a new player attempting ZUSTR with his 30 ex units. 
You are telling me a new player can complete ZUSTR without spending money on cc? 

 ustr was free because you complete it in auto. ZUSTR is exactly the opposite of that. They made is difficult so that new players will just give up & start spending cc on old zenkais.

&there was even a moron who kept arguing with me that zenkai purple vegeta, boost unit in previous raid, is free. How can a new player get him to 7* & Z7 a new unit before the raid is over?ZUSTR doesn't make zenkai free. Zenkai should be completely free in the form of events.Use boost for reddit, much better than official reddit app.

Use Firefox, I never had issues like that while using FirefoxIt's kind of like having browsing redd.it while watching TV shows. Not paying much attention to the game. Just make sure rr is timed perfectly to end it in one rush.

It's the same with grn  raditz or pur vegeta. If you wait to rr till he uses the main ability after transformation, his health is around 30 mil, which can end in one rush. 

I never disband on boost characters as long as the ability boost is more than power boostNot enough, since I work 10 hours a day. It helps that I have lf ape vegeta, so I don't have to charge ki.Not with those combat points. 46k & I still haven't cleared zenkai souls for a single colour.&don't forget they simply removed the 200 cc from adventures, which players have conveniently forgottenNothing to do with DB fans, but rather illiterate teenagers who think spending cc on zenkai purple vegeta just for this raid makes more sense. & you get downvoted for saying thatDo note charging will be slower while screen is on, make sure you check the readings after it locked for 3-4 min. 

Please ignore most of the other comments that either ask you to break warranty or brick your device.Use newpipe, no more adsNo one in their right minds,  let alone an actual f2p player, would put z power in that purple vegeta just for one raid using cc. I'm saving mine for black Friday. Stop giving such toxic opinion as if it benefits anyoneThey do it on purpose so that they can lf the boss due to nerfed rr damageHow exactly is zenkai purple vegeta f2p? You can't farm his z power. & zenkai rush medals aren't freePiccolo , he has 60% to blast damage whereas vegeta has 20%.One of the Saibamen is going to have itHad put 10k initially in gogeta & broly banner in December, didn't get a single new unit. Stopped playing the game thereafter till anniversary began since they gave 6 free gokus. 

But now that I have Majuub at 6* & gogeta blue still at 3*, I kind of don't understand what's the point of chasing a unit after 2-3 rotations. But he was really useful in previous JTTSM.Already did 3 rotations & tried 3 5% LL tickets, ended with gogeta blue, but no SSBE.

Now Im stuck at ex or higher step & honestly don't feel its worth to chase this unit anymore. Maybe black Friday will have some better banners considering the current pattern of banners&that's why the new vegeta has endurance to sync with the actual story. Since he does get defeated by Kaioken x4, but he returns, hence the endurance.

It's little details like this makes me realise the devs are also fans of DB.Stop using shitty browsers. I can browse reddit just fine in Firefox, but I'd rather use boost for reddit app which is way better than official appBoycott GoogleBankaiSuch an asshole move by devs, by gift box didn't show any notification about the gifts. Thanks for letting us know.It's useful if you stopped playing zustr, but no cc will really hurtThese changes were introduced recently when they added sustained damage cut with cover change. This also happens when you try to charge step after using the first card or taunt the bossDon't you mean zustr?I have 4 zenkai boosts for raditz with ~1200% bonus ability, finally cleared it with another raditz buddy. It would be easier if they always cover change Can you tell me is this unit necessary for extreme  coop? I have tried all other boosted units, but they barely contribute to even 5 million RR damage.Just do daily on old banners, you'll sooner or later get more in value. Also, get many summon tickets as possible, even from the dreaded ustr.Hinting new ultra character? I'm guessing ultra vegeta will also be in coop shop.

Just don't want another hybrid or saiyan ultra unit. Hopefully it's Loe or regen or super warriorYes, never had ultra Goku when he was released , now he is at 14 stars thanks to extreme co-op. Now soul boosting is another obstacle which will take some more time because of how rare rare medals are!Maybe it's Zenkai Awakening power?People recommend it, but I wouldnt use him because he doesn't heal despite being regen. So after fighting any one 5 fist team, he is down to 50% of his health. As it is since I got LF kid Buu, i dont need him & I pair him baby & z7 fat buuBoost for reddit doesn't have promoted posts., & the UI is similar to the reddit appSpent 500 + energy , got one gold slot, which is still A. Gonna spend 100 erasers to get 2nd gold. Gotta love the grindAsking for a justification without giving one.The build up was good with the characters , but the follow up to that story building was terrible at best, cringe if I have to be honest. 

 the entire reason for boss fights was terribly written as if written by a teenager targeted to a teenager. Resistance members were cannon fodder, all the time I spent with them helping was a waste, since 2B & 9S were least bothered. But They tried to shove emotions in 2B in the final cutscene,ultimately destroying her pragmatic character. 

As I said earlier it was as if 2 different directors were involved, & the one handling the follow up & ending was definitely worse.

You can throw sparkles & glitter on shit, but it will still be shit.&that's ironic because the original creators intented it to be that way. Who knows why. 

I was trying to play neir reincarnation since it was recently released on mobile. I played for 6-7 days trying to get into characters. I even followed its subreddit.

 Soon I realized most fans stay & enjoy the series because of the visuals, nothing to do with gameplay or story.Only 2B story mode. Initially I liked the animation & auto assist because that made the gameplay easier, because I mostly play games to enjoy the story . Soon I realized this is no different than a button masher game where no strategy is required against any boss as long as you know the combo.

 & the final cutscene made me question what was the point of the whole game, there wasn't any back story to the main boss, no reason for massacre of resistance. & they definitely didn't have to shove emotions in 2B in the final cutscene only , that definitely destroyed her entire pragmatic character.Definitely remove nier automata, I couldn't stop cringing at how terrible the plot was, especially the main boss. The cut scenes were a huge mess, as if they hired a different director altogether halfway through the game.It's an ability to turn entire body into rubber. It can be turned off by owner's will or through kairouseki stone or through others haki.

The comments here Makes me wonder do people even observe the details laid down by OdaZenkai 2.0 = BankaiNot everyone is interested in pvp. & You still haven't answered. Will you use float step in coop?So you'll use float step in coop extreme?You should know that you cannot clear difficult pve events easily without the latest boost unit.That's ironic considering most UI players either fish for LF or disband. I have had 2x as much disbands by UI players than vegeta players despite having a 7* jiren.The raid won't end even after that, just that the rewards would be limited to reach the multiples of that thresholdThen turn off the sound. I have kept it turned it off for more than a year.Ultra units will be available in coop shop. I'm about to 11* on ultra Goku when I didnt even play a single coop match when he was released since I didn't have the boost units.Wow, that's still horrible. Thanks for the effort. 

*F*That's a bad idea, drop rates for them are very bad. The first event during anniversary dropped 4-5 every 100 energy spent.Teen gohan was free till zenkai 2, which performs similar to vegito blue. No excuse for users not to have it.Buy the pass to enjoy cool graphics.Read the article carefully, he isn't talking about 1TiB video files, but transfers generated from encodes totalling upto 1-1.5 TiB.

Nonetheless, you are still inaccurate if you think DRAM cache won't help when it comes to transfer speeds.That's why you always avoid any ssd without a dram if you need performance. But it is still 10x better than any HDD for your boot OS.Ublock origin on Firefox - no ads whatsoeverYou can try armor shield from aliexpress, but you cannot go wrong with ringkeThere is only the order whales place for a unit to be zenkai awakened.It maybe the opposite if you don't have the latest boost unit from the banner&it's twice as grindy if you don't have the latest unit, which I think will usually be an LF. Not to mention the constant disbanding & disconnections making it 5x more long & 100x more frustrating.It should become a daily event available after each reset. With so many LFs being dropped every month, it is the least they can doSoon it will be freeThis kind of attitude is why 99% of users do not enjoy the game, & why 3 year old units still have a shit rate on banners. It doesn't hurt their sales one bit when it comes to old banners, because people will prefer to summon more on them if rates are better. 

Like why can't we have both? Why only the demands of whales are being catered? It actually might persuade f2p to pay. Stop being a shill

 People complain that they have had enough of lf beerus, but I still have him on 2*.Not sure why you're getting downvoted, because shills forget we have been asking for cc events that we used to get with USTR disappeared.

I guess donkeys really love their carrot on stick instead of getting to eat it.&then there are shills defending zenkai becoming cheap. Yet they ignore the fact that their terrible power creep design wouldn't be an issue with this decision if they made zenkai free.

Because as it is you need atleast 6* to use any new unit on a team for better support, so getting it to work 7* is getting ready for zenkai.

I guess we know whales don't spend on anything other than son family & hybrids. Guess they only go through their surveys in depth & ignore every other survey in generalMaybe Windows update is causing the issue?

But Windows shutdown isn't shutdown since Windows 10 was released. Not sure why your battery drained that fast.

You may have to recalibrate your battery.That's because Windows shutdown isn't shutdown, it's sleep. You can check this on your task manager uptime.

You just need to restart first & then shutdown.You got 3 LR completely free because they are free to acquire units. But when you can get 2 LF to Z7 with USTR raid medals, it's free, because it was mostly auto mode.


But because of someone who bitched & moaned for USTR being boring, they decided to every level should be grinded as last battle of USTR. . That's not the same with ZUSTR, because you need zenkai raid medals.

As I said, they should make zenkai free because you don't have enough cc for their obsolete units  due to their terrible power creep design.Not everyone cares about pvp. You don't get enough cc to get guaranteed lf which are boost units for most events.It isn't free if you spend your cc to unlock zenkai old units. It is as it is very difficult to get new units due to shit rates.Lol , it should be free.I haven't played a single ZUSTR since it's released. So don't fret too much.


Since cc is gone, it has very little value for me, since I don't play pvp ranked. & the grind is just not worth it anymore.Why the fuck is the new LL the boost unit for 2nd raid in a row?Z14 = BankaiYou have to lose normally multiple times to be paired with bots. Forfiet won't work.
>
I donâ€˜t know what to do anymore

Don't play pvp for ranking anymore. I have stopped playing for years. I only play with bots for pvp rewards. This also removes any neccesity to have Z7 for any unit unless its free.Raid, extreme coop, cc events, jttsm, all events require new boosted units to clear all missions with ease. Not everyone cares about pvp.Thanks a lot. I wish I had known this earlier would have completed boosting ultra units easilyIf you keep the blue card in the deck, & your buddy initiates RR, you buddy will atleast do 4 million to 7 million damage additional due to the blue card, depending on how much boost a unit gets. Whereas normal blue card damage is 1-2 millionZenkai should always have been free. They are literally making you pay for balancing old units which should have been free in the first placeThat's a full rotation on a step up bannerIt's a standard animation format for Toei. They do the same for one pieceFound the salt miner who downvoted OP.Infinite vanish.Stopped using sound for over a year. Haven't missed that musicYou are the problem. Not everyone has time to waste for your flex. Since you enjoy wasting others time, go play it again the raid only to be dced at the end. I'm sure it's fun for you to grind the raid 100s of timeYes, it works on all Intel Cpu. The changes arent permanent, you always have to start the program for changes to be applied after start up.You should undervolt your laptop using throttlestop or Intel xtu.  Follow the guide on notebookcheck.net. 

Lower the Cpu clocks with trial & error & find the balance between  optimal temperature & performance to avoid thermal throttle.

I have been using it on my 6 core i7 for 2 years, never had issues with performance.Use boost app for reddit. No promoted posts like reddit.Aliexpress&this hack defeats the purpose of grinding for erasers. The 1000s of raids that I played seems worthless for getting one yellow or gold slotYes you are new? Ok that explains it.Are you new to reddit? Are you seriously not aware of promoted "reddit" posts?I meant promoted posts that reddit is paid for propaganda. But for ads, I just use adblocker,Boost for reddit, much better ui & no promotional crapMost of those asshats purposely reduce the ability boost so that the matches extend & they have a chance to LF.That's ironicCheck if you have any vpn or proxy on your phone. Try a different browser for speed test. If nothing works, just do a network setting reset, **NOT the factory reset**.Do a speed test.Earlier there were 3 hour jobs, but now they are only limited to 1 hour jobs. Drop rate is around 30-50 each job for each star.

But hey, it's free.Yes, earlier they used to give those jobs from various events,but now you can only get them from coop. & extreme coop which is most rewarding, ironically doesn't give them. 

 Also, each coop season, the jobs are limited to select colours, so you have plan in advance if you want to farm zenkai soul for a particular colourNo, it's a new feature of pvp introduced ages ago, but it was just implemented when you got priority in pvp. You can always implement the same feature with mods since devs are too busy calculating how much money they can earn on each bannerA lot of new players have started playing extreme coop since an old unit has featured. Also, since I have used revival Gohan, most of buddies don't cover change until I have revived & I'm about do die. They are taking this mode for granted because it has become easier.Use newpipe from fdroid, no more ads or promoted crap. You don't require to root or any 3rd party apps. & its freeEarning rush medals isn't as easy anymore & without cc, I'm not going to grind my teeth & waste my time trying to grind zusstr. 

The adventures literally use the time I do nothing in game to farm the souls for me. Its literally free. What nonsense are you talking about?